Hello everybody and welcome to this lecture on there is more than one way.
Now the reason why this is here is because at about this time in your learning journey you often see
people doing things slightly different from what you're doing and you start scratching your head and
you're going oh should I've done it the other way.
They looked far better.
Well during your learning journey you're going to learn lots of ways of doing things and there's always
going to be more than one way.
I'm sure you've already screamed at the screen going.
No Mike I would do it completely differently from you and that's absolutely fine.
The crucial thing is that you end up with the same end result whether you go left and then right or
and then left to get there.
That's absolutely fine as long as the end result is you're arriving at your destination.
And of course some people will go straight to a really complex model and spend lots of time practicing
on one item.
Others will practice on lots of different things and develop their skills in a slightly different way.
We all learn differently.
We know that however don't get yourself down if you're wondering if I'm doing things the right way.
You certainly are if you're progressing and what i'd inspire you to do at this moment in time is keep a
record and screenshots or even print out what you've made so far.
Even if you've got a 3D printer that'll be even more impressive.
So as you go through this course watch your development grow by keeping a track record of it.
That's one of the best ways to do things as we go.
And as we go through if you find out a different way of doing things share that with everybody share
it with the community you may have come up with an ingenious way of doing something that none of us
have thought of that does happen from time to time.
Why not be the one to showcase that particular technique.
Remember you can share in the Q and A's or over in the discussions.
And I love seeing what you guys come up with.
I really do it inspires me as a teacher and I'll know that other students really appreciate seeing other
students work as well so they can progress together.
And it doesn't matter if someone's really really good.
That's fine.
That's something to aspire to and you'll get there too.
As you progress through this course and with your own practice as well.
So it doesn't matter how your skill level is at the moment I'm looking forward to seeing you progress
as you go through the course and take on the challenges.
And I will see you all in the next lecture.